[MRG] build wheels on release (#157)
PythonOT/POT: README.md

```
pip install POT
```
or get the very latest version by running:
```

> pip install git+https://github.com/PythonOT/POT.git # with --user for user install (no root)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install -U https://github.com/PythonOT/POT/archive/master.zip # with --user for user install (no root)
```

it will also work on windows without git installed.
